hey dudes I'm Hilah welcome to Hilah
cooking so you'll know that I love tacos
and tex-mex and Mexican food but today
I'm gonna show you the mother of all
tex-mex dishes and that is the crispy
beef taco and I'm super excited about it
this is my favorite things in the world
to eat and I've got a cool little trick
to show you to make your own shells cook
a crispy tacos a crispy taco the crispy
beef tacos alright first step is we're
gonna saute our onions until they are
translucent all right let's give these
about five minutes or so okay now it's
time to add my cumin seeds and I don't
know I just use this whole cumin because
that's what I always have on hand too
lazy to grind it up so you can use
ground whatever but I'm put these in in
the hot pan and kind of let them get a
little bit toasty it's gonna really
bring out their aromatic oils and then
I've got my chili powder and this is
just like an ancho chili powder but
whatever whatever you got on hand will
do just fine and then jalapeno and
garlic and three peppers I'm gonna put
in a little bit of crushed red chili
flakes - you leave that out if you want
to keep it a little milder and you can
also see the jalapenos if you want to
keep it mild if you're serving little
chillings okay now we put in the meat
and just kind of break it up a little
bit
and now I'm going to show you the trick
to get like superfine little ground beef
crumbles like they have at Taco Bell
which I used to love crispy Taco Bell
tacos when I was kid I haven't had one
in years but I can make them at home now
so screw you to Taco Bell we're just
gonna add some water maybe half a cup
you could use beer also or broth but
water works just fine
so kind of get this all mixed up and the
waters just gonna help it help you be
able to kind of like break it into
smaller pieces and it keeps it real
moist
cuz I'm using a lean ground beef here 90
percent lean okay see how this is
already starting to look a little bit
like Taco Bell okay not really right now
it looks a little bit gross I know but
just give it about five or ten minutes
and I'm gonna add some salts and I'm
gonna add some tomato paste and actually
if you wanted to just use tomato sauce
instead of the water that would take the
place for the tomato paste and the water
a little nice color a little depth of
flavor okay cool so I'm just gonna let
this simmer for about ten minutes keep
an eye on it stir it once in a while
keep it moving around so it stays in a
little tiny pieces and then we go on to
make some crisps but that goes crisps
but cook cook I'll stop singing that
song
alright so the meats actually cooked now
there's still a lot of liquid left now
I'm gonna add the oregano dried oregano
just want to crumble it up when you
throw it in to bring out more of those
flavors and then we're just gonna let
this cook for maybe another five minutes
until the water has evaporated out and
then we're gonna make tacos okay so I've
got these shells here that I baked and
all I did was sprinkle some corn
tortillas with a little bit of water
stick them in the microwave for like
thirty seconds just to steam them and
soften him up and then spray them down
with some you know nonstick cooking
spray or whatever or you could use a
little basting brush some oil on there
and then the room in the oven laying it
over the rack bars like that and bake
them for like nine
and then pull them off of the racks put
him on a cookie sheet and then turn the
oven off and left him in there just
while the oven cooled off and that's
just make sure that they get extra
crispy and kind of like you know crisp
and not just like chewy and weird so
anyway you could totally buy shells but
I don't know I thought this was a pretty
cute little idea and and they're low-fat
too so excellent ok my little taco shell
guy a little bit on my taco meat yeah
the fun thing if they're so messy and
then you can put whatever you want but I
like cheese and tomato and I put the
cheese down first so it gets a little
melty and some lettuce or in this case
I'm actually using shredded cabbage cuz
that's what I had on hand and I like to
put a little bit of my homemade green
salsa
you know I'll post a link for that tube
if you wanna make that it's delish ok
here I go
world's messiest food is about to get
all over my dress I think probably
hopefully not mmm all right well I hope
you try this recipe if you have any
questions leave them in the comments
below and I will get to them as soon as
I can and thanks so much for watching
and I hope you enjoy these crispy beef
tacos
[Music]